Update tests README note for kind cluster failure (#8260)
istio/istio.io: tests/README.md

1. The [tests/util/debug.sh](./util/debug.sh) script is automatically included in every `test.sh` script
   to enable bash tracing. The bash tracing output can be found in `out/<test_path>_[test|cleanup]_debug.txt`.

> 1. When using `kind` clusters, you may notice a `Exiting due to setup failure: failed waiting for istio-eastwestgateway to become ready: timeout while waiting`
> error as the Istio control plane is being started. Adding a config when creating your `kind` cluster should fix the issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When using `kind` clusters, you may notice an error, `Exiting due to setup failure: failed waiting for istio-eastwestgateway to become ready: timeout while waiting`,
as the Istio control plane is being started. Adding the following config when creating your `kind` cluster should fix the issue:
```

   ```sh

>    kind create-cluster --name istio-test --config prow/config/trustworthy-jwt.yaml

Reviewer: My kind version doesn't have create-cluster ... just create
```suggestion
   kind create cluster --name istio-test --config prow/config/trustworthy-jwt.yaml
```
